So far you've seen how to create two kinds of neural networks for image classification,
and you've seen how convolutional neural networks
follow a series of steps to classify an image.
Just to recap, a CNN first takes in an input image,
then puts that image through several convolutional and pooling layers.
The result is a set of feature maps reduced in size from the original image that
through a training process have learned to distill
information about the content in the original image.
We then flatten these maps,
creating a feature vector that we can then pass to a series of
fully-connected linear layers to produce a probability distribution of class course.
From this, we can extract the predicted class for the input image.
In short, an image comes in and a predicted class label comes out.
You've learned the foundational concepts behind
CNN's and in later lessons you'll learn about
techniques that leverage existing architectures
and even more techniques for improving the performance of a model.
You should also know that CNN's are not restricted to the task of image classification.
They can be applied to any task with a fixed number of outputs such
as regression tasks that look at points on a face or detect human poses.
The applications of CNN's are very far-reaching and after seeing just a few,
I hope you're excited to learn even more.